Add topic: digital-public-goods (#4442)
github/explore: topics/digital-public-goods/index.md

---
aliases: digital-public-good, dpg
display_name: Digital Public Good
short_description: A digital public good is an open source digital solution that does no harm and addresses global challenges for public benefit.
topic: digital-public-goods
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_public_goods
---

> According to the UN Secretary General’s Roadmap for Digital Cooperation, a Digital Public Good (DPG) is an open source software, open data, open AI systems, or open content collections that adhere to privacy and other applicable laws and best practices, do no harm, and help attain the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). To be classified as a DPG, a digital solution must conform to the nine indicators of the [DPG Standard](https://digitalpublicgoods.net/standard). The Digital Public Goods Alliance maintains a [registry](https://digitalpublicgoods.net/registry) of digital solutions officially vetted and recognized as digital public goods.

Reviewer: Maybe use a straight quote?
```suggestion
According to the UN Secretary General's Roadmap for Digital Cooperation, a Digital Public Good (DPG) is an open source software, open data, open AI systems, or open content collections that adhere to privacy and other applicable laws and best practices, do no harm, and help attain the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). To be classified as a DPG, a digital solution must conform to the nine indicators of the [DPG Standard](https://digitalpublicgoods.net/standard). The Digital Public Goods Alliance maintains a [registry](https://digitalpublicgoods.net/registry) of digital solutions officially vetted and recognized as digital public goods.
```
